docs/getting-started/new-users.md, before:

\page new-users PROS First Time Users Guide

The most important characteristic of PROS to note when getting started
is that PROS is just standard C or C++ programming. Anything that works
in standard C/C++ will work as a part of a PROS project, and similarly
the errors given for code that doesn't work will match errors given for
any similar C/C++ code. Learning C/C++ is essential for using PROS.

## I've never used PROS or written C/C++ code before, how do I start?

If you have not used PROS or done non-VEX C/C++ code development before,
we recommend that you check out C tutorials on the following topics:

- [Functions](http://www.studytonight.com/c/user-defined-functions-in-c.php).
  C is a language that heavily emphasizes functions, and knowing how
  they work is essential to using PROS. The [PROS
  API](../api/index.html) is a set of functions, so any time that you
  want to interact with a sensor or motor, you're using functions.
- [Header
  Files](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm).
  The PROS template (the set of files automatically created when you
  start a PROS project) contains a couple of header files, and it's
  recommended that you make additional header files as you develop
  your code. Header files contain the declarations for functions and
  global variables (among other things), which is why the [PROS
  API](../api/index.html) can be found in `include/pros/api.h`.
  Knowing what code should go in a header file (`.h`, `.hpp`) or a
  source file (`.c`, `.cpp`) can be difficult to determine at first,
  but it is a very useful skill to learn.
- [printf()](https://www.codingunit.com/printf-format-specifiers-format-conversions-and-formatted-output).
  At some point when developing PROS code, you will likely want to get
  some feedback on what the value of a variable is. This is not an
  exact replacement for a full debugging utility by any means, but is
  the standard method for troubleshooting issues in most languages and
  can be used for viewing sensor values or your own variables' values.
  The output from these `printf()` statements can be viewed in the
  terminal by running `pros terminal`.
- [Tasks](../tutorials/topical/multitasking.html). One common mistake
  that new PROS users make is forgetting to include a `delay()`
  statement in their tasks (this includes `opcontrol()` too), starving
  the processor of resources and preventing the PROS kernel from
  running properly. Every infinite loop, like the one in
  `opcontrol()`, needs to have a delay statement. We recommend at
  least 2ms.

And then for additional C tutorial topics, visit
[CProgramming.com](https://www.cprogramming.com/tutorial/c-tutorial.html)
or [StudyTonight](http://www.studytonight.com/c/overview-of-c.php). A
good video tutorial series (as opposed to the previous text-based
tutorials) can be found on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/nXvy5900m3M).

## I know C/C++, now how do I use PROS?

The PROS tutorials are designed to show the application of C/C++
programming to a PROS project. The [Programming the
Clawbot](../tutorials/walkthrough/clawbot.html) tutorial is a great
place to start, as it goes through every step of putting together a
sample PROS project. Once you are ready to branch out and create your
own custom project, looking through the following tutorials is
recommended:

- [PROS Project
  Structure](../tutorials/general/project-structure.html)
- [Uploading Code](../tutorials/walkthrough/uploading.html)
- [Debugging](../tutorials/general/debugging.html)
- [Coding FAQs](./faq.html)

And then you can find tutorials for specific subjects from [the
ADI](../tutorials/topical/adi.html) to [tasks and
multithreading](../tutorials/topical/multitasking.html) as well.

VEX U team QUEEN has also created a series of YouTube videos about C++,
object-oriented programming, and other relevant programming topics in
the context of VEX robots; you can find it
[here](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxt0dHFRDpQhy24IL1wAniVq3xf8N7QAV).

## How do I share my code with other people?

In order to track changes to your code, as well as to help share your
code with other people, you can use a version control system like Git in
conjunction with a service like [GitHub](https://github.com). If you
want to share smaller parts of your code with other people in order to
get help (e.g. through the software channel on Discord), you can use
something like [GitHub Gists](https://gist.github.com) or
[Pastebin](https://pastebin.com).

For more information on how to use Git, including the Git CLI tools and
setting up a respository on GitHub, check out the [GitHub help
pages](https://help.github.com).

Commit message:

Fix links in Getting Started and add missing articles (#2)
* Fix links to use Doxygen links instead of manual

* Add Doxygen page marker

* Add coding-faq.md

* Add coding faq as subpage

* Add uploading.md

* Add uploading as subpage to walkthroughs

* Update m.css

* \ref for links

* Fix typo

* Fix typo

docs/getting-started/new-users.md, after:

\page new-users PROS First Time Users Guide

The most important characteristic of PROS to note when getting started
is that PROS is just standard C or C++ programming. Anything that works
in standard C/C++ will work as a part of a PROS project, and similarly
the errors given for code that doesn't work will match errors given for
any similar C/C++ code. Learning C/C++ is essential for using PROS.

## I've never used PROS or written C/C++ code before, how do I start?

If you have not used PROS or done non-VEX C/C++ code development before,
we recommend that you check out C tutorials on the following topics:

- [Functions](http://www.studytonight.com/c/user-defined-functions-in-c.php).
  C is a language that heavily emphasizes functions, and knowing how
  they work is essential to using PROS. The PROS
  API (\ref api) is a set of functions, so any time that you
  want to interact with a sensor or motor, you're using functions.
- [Header
  Files](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm).
  The PROS template (the set of files automatically created when you
  start a PROS project) contains a couple of header files, and it's
  recommended that you make additional header files as you develop
  your code. Header files contain the declarations for functions and
  global variables (among other things), which is why the PROS
  API (\ref api) can be found in `include/pros/api.h`.
  Knowing what code should go in a header file (`.h`, `.hpp`) or a
  source file (`.c`, `.cpp`) can be difficult to determine at first,
  but it is a very useful skill to learn.
- [printf()](https://www.codingunit.com/printf-format-specifiers-format-conversions-and-formatted-output).
  At some point when developing PROS code, you will likely want to get
  some feedback on what the value of a variable is. This is not an
  exact replacement for a full debugging utility by any means, but is
  the standard method for troubleshooting issues in most languages and
  can be used for viewing sensor values or your own variables' values.
  The output from these `printf()` statements can be viewed in the
  terminal by running `pros terminal`.
- \ref multitasking. One common mistake
  that new PROS users make is forgetting to include a `delay()`
  statement in their tasks (this includes `opcontrol()` too), starving
  the processor of resources and preventing the PROS kernel from
  running properly. Every infinite loop, like the one in
  `opcontrol()`, needs to have a delay statement. We recommend at
  least 2ms.

And then for additional C tutorial topics, visit
[CProgramming.com](https://www.cprogramming.com/tutorial/c-tutorial.html)
or [StudyTonight](http://www.studytonight.com/c/overview-of-c.php). A
good video tutorial series (as opposed to the previous text-based
tutorials) can be found on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/nXvy5900m3M).

## I know C/C++, now how do I use PROS?

The PROS tutorials are designed to show the application of C/C++
programming to a PROS project. The [Programming the
Clawbot](../tutorials/walkthrough/clawbot.html) tutorial is a great
place to start, as it goes through every step of putting together a
sample PROS project. Once you are ready to branch out and create your
own custom project, looking through the following tutorials is
recommended:

- \ref project-structure
- \ref uploading
- \ref debugging
- \ref faq

And then you can find tutorials for specific subjects from [the
ADI](../tutorials/topical/adi.html) to [tasks and
multithreading](../tutorials/topical/multitasking.html) as well.

VEX U team QUEEN has also created a series of YouTube videos about C++,
object-oriented programming, and other relevant programming topics in
the context of VEX robots; you can find it
[here](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxt0dHFRDpQhy24IL1wAniVq3xf8N7QAV).

## How do I share my code with other people?

In order to track changes to your code, as well as to help share your
code with other people, you can use a version control system like Git in
conjunction with a service like [GitHub](https://github.com). If you
want to share smaller parts of your code with other people in order to
get help (e.g. through the software channel on Discord), you can use
something like [GitHub Gists](https://gist.github.com) or
[Pastebin](https://pastebin.com).

For more information on how to use Git, including the Git CLI tools and
setting up a respository on GitHub, check out the [GitHub help
pages](https://help.github.com).
